Your Daily Mobile Internet subscription has been renewed. Go To http://www.youtube.com and watch your favorite music and comedy videos.
I believe u are well hope we shall have something by noon. Tnx.
You are already subscribed to Daily Mobile Internet. Please unsubscribe first to subscribe to another bundle.
Got prvt car. At embu now.
Sorry,your account balance is not sufficient to complete this request.Please top up and try again.
Boda nt thika at delmode
Tuliodoka Vry late at emali.
Please check ur email u hv an interview today at 8.45am come 15mins before time allocate. Beatrice Company
Sending you the money in about 30 minutes time .
Your request to purchase the DAILY25MB has failed. Please note you have not been charged and try later
Your Daily Mobile Internet renewal has failed due to insufficient funds, Please topup and dial *544#
At nxayo stadium.
Failed. Problem exists with your M-KESHO account. Try again later or contact Equity Customer Care.
I tried calling you at 08:44 on 11Jun Please call back
I tried calling you 3 times most recently at 08:42 on 11Jun Please call back
For fast Facebook and internet access, download Opera Mini by opening the website m.opera.com from your mobile phone.
Sent me namba ya yule boda aliye fetch water we ar in problem
this is the second from mum
Ask hm ka aneza npea pad moja, plz
Ua certificate is ready
Let me know when free
Hi IDENTITY, kindly send me the order numbers i issued u from kim, thanks
Please call me thank you. Masonko Na Safaricom! Top up for a chance to win 1Million daily, 5Million weekly and 25Million Grand Prize
Unsubscribe to unlimited browsing
We need to reinstall the client on the black n95. Please call me when you can.
Hi, JamboPay safaricom Pay Bill is 530100, regards
Are we still meeting?
Tell me when you are with the modem so that you can confirm
Hi IDENTITY you had called me?
Please call me thank you. Masonko Na Safaricom! Top up for a chance to win 1Million daily, 5Million weekly and 25Million Grand Prize
Thanks i got it
Your current balance is below Kes. 2. Please recharge your account and try again
Sorry. You have insufficient funds to use this service. If you would like to receive 50/- airtime advance with Okoa Jahazi dial *131#
Your current balance is below Kes. 2. Please recharge your account and try again
You have reached your allowed Credit Limit, please topup your account to continue enjoying the service.
I wont make, Wacha ni try kesho morning.
Please call me thank you. Masonko Na Safaricom! Top up for a chance to win 1Million daily, 5Million weekly and 25Million Grand Prize
Hi, did u mnge 2 get the drivers
Hi,did u manage
Please do your best to connect the sms to 4231
Access the Internet on your mobile phone at a daily fee of 5/- for 5MB, 8/- for 10MB OR 20/- for 25MB. Dial *544# NOW to subscribe.
Sorry, I am in a meeting, I'll call later
Hi pls send me ua cv for a vision 2030 elearning prj. Urgent pls. Any that is ready can do Elijah
Dear Member,We apologize for service interruptions as we upgraded our IT System over the weekend.It took longer than planned. Normal services have now resumed.
Please call me thank you. Masonko Na Safaricom! Top up for a chance to win 1Million daily, 5Million weekly and 25Million Grand Prize
Your current balance is below Kes. 2. Please recharge your account and try again
How is the day today and what hope do you have by 2morrow.
You are already subscribed to Daily Mobile Internet. Please unsubscribe first to subscribe to another bundle.
You are now subscribed to the 25MB Daily Mobile Internet. Safaricom the better option.
Dear subscriber, your earlier request is still being processed. You will receive an SMS to advice on completion.
Dear subscriber, you have already unsubscribed from the Daily Mobile Internet. Pepea Internet Mkononi na Safaricom.
Hi, my 4n leo nilipeleka kwa fundi n akatengeza iko poa now. Speaker 1 ilikuwa imekufa akareplace na ksh 150.gd9te.
Please call me thank you. Masonko Na Safaricom! Top up for a chance to win 1Million daily, 5Million weekly and 25Million Grand Prize
Your message has been successfully received on our system. Time 2010-11-23 5:45:43 PM
How is the process?is it taking the sms.
How is the process?is it taking the sms.please reply.
Please call me thank you. Call for only 3/- ON-NET and 4/- OFF-NET on the new UWEZO Tariff, applicable to ALL PrePay subscribers.
Niaje justo?kumbuka 2 bring me ile logo n document yako atleast by 10:30am so dt i finish makin d slides.ERNEST
Niaje IDENTITY,the document u gave me ws corupt n couldnt open.organize i get it by kitu 10:30 ndio nimalize kumake presentation.
What time ?
Y not pic my fone fr ofis line?
Hi. Am waiting for you
Your message has been successfully received on our system. Time 2010-11-25 2:43:41 PM
Hi, lets talk
Hi,please see that the error of message could not be decoded is removed.
Sorry. You have insufficient funds to use this service. If you would like to receive 50/- airtime advance with Okoa Jahazi dial *131#
Unregistered buyer, please register by sending an sms reg#full names#ID No#location#email#password
Thanks.i will try.
Please make sure the invoice can be received
Please the invoice after it is send can not be receivd on the phone except on online.make it work and i will add extra 5k.
Please call me
I think it myt b upgraded, jst let Dan know. th cPanel is nt th latest.
Hi.IDENTITY do you think the invoice mechanism will today
You have reached your allowed Credit Limit, please topup your account to continue enjoying the service.
M-PESA continues to undergo a scheduled upgrade and we apologise for any inconvenience caused. Thank you for choosing Safaricom.
Please check 2morrow why i have made an order after you called me but i did not receiving the thanking message
Munyi, this is Brian from Turnkey. Can you please come in tomorrow and show the client the prototype of the warranty system at 2pm. Kindly confirm this immediately
Please call me thank you. Call for only 3/- ON-NET and 4/- OFF-NET on the new UWEZO Tariff, applicable to ALL PrePay subscribers.
this is a test
Call me for some issue plus for your 15k
No merchant found offering sugar at
Is sms live now?
The system is not sending imvoices as like before.i am waiting for you at web tribe
this is a test
this is it
Please let check your email and sms my concern
Sorry. You have insufficient funds to use this service. If you would like to receive 50/- airtime advance with Okoa Jahazi dial *131#
Invalid ask, send an sms ask#merchant id#ask_content
Try our CHRISTMAS FREE SMS Service! just sms RECIPIENT MOBILE NUMBER followed by MESSAGE to 5141, eg 017555057 HI, HOW ARE U? Helpdesk
The sms is not working as from this morning.what do we do now.
M-PESA has received your request but is experiencing some delays. Please wait at least 10 minutes for a response before retrying your transaction.
Note even invoicing to phones is also dead now.
Have you reached web tribe
Yes. Group 3 av started. Come fast coz tis random
You can now redeem your Bonga Points for Free Airtime. Dial *126*2#, press the call button and select 1.To check your free Bonga airtime balance dial *144*4#
Try n talk now?
SMS the word NGOMA to 4525 and get 5 RINGTONES of ur choice for FREE! Download n play on ur phone! sms NGOMA to 4525 now 2 enroll. Helpdesk:017-555057/8/9
Romaccom, Romakom or Romacm
this is a test
Hey! Op u r gud! Am invytng you for dinner next week on Tuesday! This wik am abit tyd up bt nxt wk am gud! Gdnyt.
Your current balance is below Kes. 2. Please recharge your account and try again
You have reached your allowed Credit Limit, please topup your account to continue enjoying the service.
Your current balance is below Kes. 2. Please recharge your account and try again
Failed. There is not enough money in your M-PESA account to buy Ksh70 airtime. Your M-PESA balance is Ksh0
You have reached your allowed Credit Limit, please topup your account to continue enjoying the service.
Hi all. Please check your email for a cover design request from TechnoServe. A small reward will be given for the winning cover. Deadline tomorrow 12pm